friends here.
We're discussing about two functions with variable length keyword.
Basic arguments.
See,
already we know what is a cure based argument.
Right?
See,
let me Ah,
start with that already.
We know that,
right?
Let me defend a new script.
Variable Lend keyword based arguments.
Right.
See,
I am displaying a function.
I mean,
I'm writing a display function.
Let's say a comma.
Be then just simply I'm reading your value on then bring Toby value like No,
let me read it online.
Now,
while calling your function,
you can pass in this way,
right?
It will work at the same time.
You remember,
Not only will discuss your based arguments,
I can write because toe fight.
Yeah,
because before no see the result are I can also start with the based on key.
I'm passing my value.
Right.
So this is called cured based arguments in your functions.
It's working right,
but our concept ease very well.
And keyword based arguments Variable length cure based arguments means next time whenever
if I'm calling,
I'm also passing one x travel you Let's say in this way.
No,
we we know that our function is ready to accept only a comma B two arguments,
But we're passing three arguments based on keys now it's not ready to accept right now.
Again,
I think,
is that it's a It's again like a variable and arguments only.
But based on keys novena briefly.
How a variable length off arguments.
So this time I'm passing two arguments here.
I'm passing three arguments,
but based on keys So based on keys,
if you're passing variable and arguments toe,
handle them in your function we have a syntax like like this two stars keyword,
basic arguments,
keyword based argument.
That's why I'm taking simply care.
RG But he can take anything simply.
This is a variable wherever live I'm taking K are cured based arguments right now Let me
bring what you are getting because off this star star So what is the k r?
No,
right?
See,
that is a you know we are not passing business keys dysfunction right now.
that isn't here.
We are passing based on keys whenever if you pass based on keys and whenever If you have a
syntax in your function with the two stars,
any variable,
then that we're really leading.
But it did study which consists off key and value paid presentation.
Already,
we know what is a key and value paid representation.
That's what it is.
Do that reading Basin key and valuable,
right?
No.
Next time I can pass not only year you can take anything.
Let's say I'm taking X equals to fight.
Why it goes too high,
then some dirty coast to some number,
then particles to root.
Something like that are user request to root and shoot off part?
No.
See the result.
So inside off your function you are getting the passage.
Whatever the arguments,
you are passing based on keys,
they all are forming a victory with this variable.
That's what we're printing here.
That's it,
Right?
So that you can also come by and you're keyword based arguments with some variable as well
.
Let's I'm taking here some letter,
Pete,
I'm invariable P now.
Very first,
I need to pass some value.
Let's say 56 you can print p also here,
So just combination off normal argument and then cure based arguments combination.
Something wrong?
Yeah,
in this function,
786 10 7 We're not passing there,
right?
Nobody See that?
So we are passing for P first value remaining all our key based arguments the same.
They had to pass in 1/7 line and a six lane so that the value off people be assigned to be
I mean,
first value remaining.
All are like,
you know,
key based arguments.
So they will form a dictionary.
That's it.
So there is a simple way to create variable,
and he basically arguments for your functions.
Okay,
so there's by this we completed all the possible syntax Is all the possible ways to define
your functions right?
Next will tryto write the script by using all these concepts one by one.
Okay,
be ready with all these concepts so that we can easily understand while writing your core,
using difference in taxes off different types of your functions.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
thank you for watching this with you.